Scripts for *StrikerS* are available in two flavors: English and Midchildan. This is to handle the German content in the series, which is significant but not as large as in *A's*, including the fact that supplementary materials indicate that various Japanese terms are intended to appear in German when written (e.g. *Buch der blauer Himmel* for *Sōten no Sho*, instead of "Book of the Azure Sky"). For situations where it's best to include both English and German, smaller subtitles will appear above (or sometimes below, for top text) the subtitles, a practice which I will be calling "infratitles".

**English** presents as much content in English as possible, even if the official written form of something is supposed to be in German. The only German terms used in primary dialogue subtitles is in some device names (e.g. *Graf Eisen, Klarwind, Windenschaft*). All other such names will be written exclusively in English. German spells will have English subtitles and German infratitles, regardless of whether they are announced by devices or appear in running dialogue. The same goes for German sentences spoken by any Devices. Reinforce's suffix is written *II*, which actually alternates with *Zwei* in official materials.

**Midchildan** presents content the way we see Midchildan writing appear: most things are in English, except Belkan terminology is in German. The names of German spells will be presented in German when they occur in running dialogue, with no infratitles. German spells and sentences spoken by Devices will have German subtitles and English infratitles. Japanese terms that official materials suggest should be written in German will be presented in German. The Book of the Azure Sky and Book of the Night Sky are the *Buch der blauer Himmel* and *Buch der Nachthimmel*. Knights are called *Ritter*, and guardian knights are *Schutzritter*. Carim's classification in the epilogue is *Zauberritter*. Reinforce Zwei's full name does not use Roman numerals. The Holy King is referred to as *Heiliger Kaiser* and not *Sankt Kaiser*, as that's what's used in the *Cradle*'s German dialogue in the finale (and "Holy King" is used in the English version instead of "Saint King" to parallel the German as well as to sound more like a real religion). And just for pure fun, Vita and Agito's cursing is also translated into German.

Note that with *A's*, I mostly just did the Midchildan version for fun and mostly just watch the English version when I'm rewatching the series, but with *StrikerS*, I consider the Midchildan version to be the primary version of the script. The German content is preferred overall, and I lean more towards using the fan-preferred terms in the Midchildan (I did the opposite with *A's*).
