Scripts for *A's* are available in two flavors: English and Midchildan. This is to handle the significant German content in the series, including the fact that supplementary materials indicate that various Japanese terms are intended to appear in German when written (e.g. *Buch der Dunkelheit* for *Yami no Sho*, instead of "Book of Darkness"). For situations where it's best to include both English and German, smaller subtitles will appear above (or sometimes below, for top text) the subtitles, a practice which I will be calling "infratitles".

**English** presents as much content in English as possible, even if the official written form of something is supposed to be in German. The only German term used in primary dialogue subtitles is *Wolkenritter*, and even then, the English translation will appear in infratitles. All other such names will be written exclusively in English. German spells will have English subtitles and German infratitles, regardless of whether they are announced by devices or appear in running dialogue. The same goes for German sentences spoken by the Book.

**Midchildan** presents content the way we see Midchildan writing appear: most things are in English, except Belkan terminology is in German. German names such as *Wolkenritter* and the names of German spells will be presented in German when they occur in running dialogue, with no infratitles. German spells announced by Devices and German dialogue spoken by the *Buch* will have German subtitles and English infratitles. Japanese terms that official materials suggest should be written in German will be presented in German. The Book of Darkness and Tome of the Night Sky are the *Buch der Dunkelheit* and *Buch der Nachthimmel*. Knights are called *Ritter* when specifically referring to Belkans ("knight" is still used when talking of knights in general though). The guardian knight system is called *das Schutzrittersystem*, and by extension, guardian knights are *Schutzritter*. Hayate's title is *Meister des Nachthimmels* (we are using proper German grammar here and not for the *Buch* because that's how it's presented in official materials), and by extension the Japanese word *aruji* is rendered as *Meister* when specifically referring to the *Meister des Nachthimmels* (though "master"/"mistress" is used when talking about masters in general and not specifically the *Meister des Nachthimmels* or for when terms other than *aruji* are used). Hayate's description in the epilogue is *Zauberritter*.
